{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch37\stshfhich37\stshfbi37\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}{\f37\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f39\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f40\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f49\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f50\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f53\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f379\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}{\f380\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}
{\f382\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}{\f383\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}{\f386\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}{\f387\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria Math (Vietnamese);}
{\f409\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f410\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\f412\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f413\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\f416\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f417\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Tur;}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \f37 }{\*\defpap 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \sqformat Normal Table;}{
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext15 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid5317168 Normal (Web);}}{\*\pgptbl {\pgp\ipgp2\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp0\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}{\pgp\ipgp2\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp2\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp
\ipgp2\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp2\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp2\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp2\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp2\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp2\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp
\ipgp2\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp7\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp2\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp2\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1638731\rsid5317168\rsid12546012\rsid15872258\rsid16195429}{\mmathPr
\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author Sonu}{\operator Fast Care Computers}{\creatim\yr2021\mo3\dy30\hr10\min49}{\revtim\yr2021\mo3\dy30\hr10\min49}{\version2}
{\edmins0}{\nofpages10}{\nofwords4946}{\nofchars25052}{\nofcharsws29939}{\vern32859}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt900\margb990\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen
\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin900\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot5317168\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\utinl \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid12546012\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\qj \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid5317168 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f37\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi720\li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12546012 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs28 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs28\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 
THE TEN COMMANDMENTS OF CROSS-EXAMINATION}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs28 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs28\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid5317168 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 I.
\par INTRODUCTION}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 
\par Much has been written about the \'93art\'94 of cross-examination. Not all of it, though, involves art. Some of it involves natural talent, but most of it involves hard work. In truth, three factors combine to create this \'93artistic\'94
 success -- personality, presence and persuasion. These traits are often }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid12546012\charrsid12546012 manifesting}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 
 in the ability to think and react quickly. But something else is involved as well -- something that trial lawyers often hold in short capacity. That something is humility, and the ability to know when to quit. The art of cross-examination 
involves all of these traits, and more than a little luck.
\par This article is intended to provide yet another iteration of the Ten Commandments of cross-examination. Here is the caveat, however -- one does not learn to be good at cross-examination by reading 
papers. The successful artist learns by doing it, or watching others do it well; by reading trial and deposition transcripts or, better yet, by conducting the examination personally. In this era, when there are too few trials to satisfy so many eager tria
l lawyers, cross-examination techniques can be practiced in depositions. The trial lawyer must learn to get the \'93feel\'94
 of a good cross-examination; to develop a personal cadence and style. The trial lawyer must learn as well to adapt to particular witnesses
 and different cases. But he or she learns by doing. In all this, of course, having some general rules in mind will not hurt. Hence, the \'93Ten Commandments.\'94
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 II}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 THE COMMANDMENTS}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 {\*\bkmkstart M1}I. The First Commandment: You Shall Prepare.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 {\*\bkmkend M1}
\par Of course, preparation is esse
ntial, but it would be surprising to learn how many trial lawyers fail to observe this basic principle. A lawyer must prepare in order to know what topics to cover. A lawyer must prepare because the jury will assess his or her depth of knowledge and commi
t
ment to the case by the demonstrated ability to handle the details of cross-examination. If the lawyer appears vague on the details, the jurors may conclude that they, too, should be unconcerned about the finer points of the case. Thorough preparation als
o will ensure that the witness appreciates the lawyer\rquote s competence. Under such circumstances, the witness will be less willing to take advantage of the lawyer\rquote s lack of first-hand knowledge. It takes hard work, but dividends flow.
\par For a plaintiff\rquote s cross-ex
amination, preparation involves digging into every relevant background fact. This includes employment history, medical history, prior statements, and every other important detail. The cross-examination of the plaintiff can be a pivotal point at trial. Jur
o
rs tend to pay special attention to this encounter because they recognize that it focuses the essential controversy of the case -- a battle between the plaintiff and the defendant. A prepared and effectively accomplished cross-examination of the plaintiff
, perhaps more than any other event at trial, can increase significantly the chances of a defense verdict. Unfortunately, an unprepared and poorly accomplished cross-examination can produce the opposite result.
\par Because many cases are decided by expert testi
mony, an attorney should prepare thoroughly for the cross-examination of an opposing expert. Generally, significant amounts of information must be gathered in advance of cross-examination. As a starting point, it is important to master the deposition take
n
 in the case at hand because that deposition represents the greatest opportunity for impeachment. However, one should review depositions of the expert taken in other cases and be prepared to use them as well. Experts sometimes forget what they say from de
p
osition to deposition; this is particularly true for the professional witness. In addition, expert witness databases are available from which to gather background information on a particular expert. It is also a good idea to contact lawyers who have encou
ntered the expert. This creates an opportunity to build upon the good efforts of others.
\par Finally, it is important to obtain all of the expert\rquote s prior writings and to subpoena the expert\rquote s entire case file, including correspondence and other materials exchan
ged with opposing counsel or third parties. In this regard, check for advertisements or expert listings and carefully review all aspects of the expert\rquote s curriculum vitae to ensure that he or she has been accurate in every material respect.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 {\*\bkmkstart M2}II. The Second Commandment: You Shall Know The Objective.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 {\*\bkmkend M2}
\par Irving Younger, an advocate of short cross-examination, often stated that the lawyer should \'93make three points and sit down.\'94 Sometimes, that is the way to go. Often, however, one needs to spend time with the w
itness to develop several critical points to counter the impact of the direct examination. Before initiating a cross-examination of any witness, the lawyer should clearly bear in mind those points he or she wishes to make with that witness. And then, he o
r she should write them down. These points also should be discussed with those who are assisting at trial.
\par Effective cross-examination cannot be accomplished without a clear understanding of which points are critical to the case, and which ones can be extra
cted most appropriately from each witness. Only when understanding how to make these points and how to package them for the jury can a lawyer effectively communicate with the jury. If the jurors are sitting in the box wondering where the cross-examination
 
is headed, it is likely that the lawyer does not know where the cross-examination is headed. Therefore, it is critical to make a list of what should be accomplished on cross. Near the end of that cross-examination, it is a good idea to return to the list 
to ensure that all points were covered.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 {\*\bkmkstart M3}III. The Third Commandment: You Shall Take Baby Steps.{\*\bkmkend M3}a}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 
\par Patience is a virtue in cross-examination. Delivery of key points is not just a destination, it is a journey on which the jurors should accompany the lawyer.
 They must understand step-by-step where the cross-examination is headed. It is called pacing; it is called communication.
\par Here is an example. Assume the case is being tried with an expert who has developed opinions, but has never submitted those opinions for peer review. One way to handle the situation at trial is simply to ask the following question:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  Have your opinions ever been submitted for peer review?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 A.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  No. This exchange gets right to the point. However, if the jury is to journey with the lawyer a
nd understand the point, the following series of questions might be posed, to which the witness will likely answer \'93yes\'94:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  You have heard about the peer review process?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  And, by peers, we are talking about people in your area of science?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  So, the peer review process involves a review of one\rquote s opinions by his/her scientific peers or colleagues?

\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  It allows one to get valuable feedback from other scientists about what they think of your opinions?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  It can provide a sense of whether your opinions are g
enerally regarded as supportable and reliable by other experts in your field?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  Can this be very valuable in the scientific process?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 
 Does one form of peer review involve standing up at meetings and sharing your views with peers or fellow scientists?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  You are letting them know your opinions?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  And you are discussing with them the basis of those opinions?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  This allows your peers to comment on the strengths or weaknesses of your opinions?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  You have been involved in this litigation for five years?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  You have, for the last five years, been expressing these opinions in courtrooms around the country?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 
 Have you ever stood in front of a group of your fellow scientists to share with them the opinions you have just shared with this jury on direct examination?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 
 Have you ever, at any scientific meetings, sought feedback from your fellow scientists on whether they think you are right or wrong?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  Is another form of peer review the publication of articles?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  When you submit an article to a good journal, the article is peer-reviewed before it is published?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  By that, I mean that the editor of the journal circulates the article to various scientists for their comments?

\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  By this process, can the editor be more comfortable that the opinions expressed in the a
rticle are valid and supported by the evidence?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  This, too, can be a valuable part of the scientific process?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  Can it be a way of weeding out bad science?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  Have you ever submitted a manuscript stating your opinions to a journal for publication?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  Have you even prepared a manuscript stating the opinions you have expressed to this jury?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 
 Have you in any form ever sought feedback from the publication peer-review process concerning your opinions in this case?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 
 So, sitting here today, after five years of involvement in litigation, you have never taken the time to prepare a manuscript and submit it to a journal so that your fellow scientists can determine whether it is even worth of publication?
\par This journey take
s time. That is not to suggest, however, that an enormous amount of time should be spent on every point. That will become ponderous and the jurors will become bored. The lawyer must gauge the importance of a particular point and assess what it will take t
o deliver that point effectively to the jury. Above all, don\rquote t hurry. Make the jury understand the point since a misunderstood point is no point at all.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 {\*\bkmkstart M4}IV. The Fourth Commandment: You Shall Lead the Witness (Usually).}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 {\*\bkmkend M4}
\par Asking only leading questions is p
erhaps the oldest rule of cross-examination. It is an old rule because it is a good one. Leading questions are most effective because they essentially allow the cross-examiner to testify and the witness to ratify. The technique advances one of the importa
nt dynamics of the courtroom -- control. Asking leading questions allows the cross-examiner to be forceful, fearless, knowledgeable and informative. Good things come from leading questions. So, when permitted, lead, lead, and lead. Usually.
\par Be aware that leading questions also can grow tiresome. No one likes to hear a hundred questions in a row that end with, \'93is that correct?\'94
 The staccato questioning of a witness can sometimes make the cross-examiner appear overbearing and cold. Thus, when implementing this ironclad rule of leading a witness on cross-examination, keep a few qualifying rules in mind as well.
\par First, learn how to lead the witness. Firing questions that begin with, \'93isn\rquote t it correct,\'94 may remind the jurors of an FBI interrogation from an old mo
vie. A trial lawyer must search for ways to vary the routine. For example, in an intersection collision case, a fact witness might be called by the plaintiff to testify on several key points that favor the plaintiff. Yet, the one point that favors the def
endant is the witness\rquote s recollection that the stoplight was red. On cross-examination, therefore, defense counsel might do the following:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  Isn\rquote t it correct that you were in a position to see whether the light was red or green?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 A.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  Yes.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  And the light was red, isn\rquote t that correct?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 A.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  Yes.
\par In isolation, these questions could effectively make the point. To make the point more casually, however, and to bring the jury along for the ride, the cross-examiner might do the following:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  As you were driving down the road, I guess you were paying attention to the lights ahead?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 A.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  Yes.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 
 I mean, as a careful driver, I assume one of the most important things you do is look to see whether the light ahead is red or green?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 A.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  Yes.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  And, as you were heading down Grand Street that Friday afternoon, and I\rquote 
m talking especially about that afternoon, weren\rquote t you paying attention as to whether the lights ahead were red or green?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 A.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  Yes.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  And as you were driving down the road that day, was the light red or was it green?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 A.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  It was red.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  Is there any doubt in your mind that the light was red on that day?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 A.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  No.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  Pardon me?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 A.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  No, there is no doubt in my mind.
\par These are all leading questions, but not a single one contained the phrase, \'93is that correct,\'94 or the lawyer-like introduction, \'93isn\rquote t it a fact . . .\'94
 Often, when questioning witnesses who are not experienced testifiers, a kinder and gentler style of asking leading questions is the most effective.
\par A second caution or qualifying rule
 requires judgment in knowing when not to ask leading questions. Sometimes a lawyer becomes so obsessed with controlling the witness that every question becomes a leading question. This may not be required. For example, when questioning a professional exp
ert on the stand, leading questions in certain areas are absolutely unnecessary. Examples:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  Why don\rquote t you just tell the jury how many times you have testified in a court of law?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  How much money did you make last year testifying for plaintiffs\rquote  attorneys around the country?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 
 Of the thousands of medical journals published around the world, tell the jury how many you have asked to publish the opinions you have expressed in this courtroom?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 Q.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012  How long has it been since you last treated a patient?
\par And so on
. Often, it is best to have the answer come from the mouth of the witness. A lawyer asks these non-leading questions because he or she knows the answer and, if the witness waffles, the witness can be impeached. The point is not that every question must be
 leading, but that the expert is never afforded an opportunity to expound on a question of critical importance. When reaching this goal, look for the opportunity to use non-leading questions to break the monotony of repetitive leading questions.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 {\*\bkmkstart M5}V. The Fifth Commandment: You Shall Know The Style and Adapt It to the Occasion.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 {\*\bkmkend M5}

\par Good trial lawyers develop their own comfortable styles. In this regard, it is important to observe other trial lawyers; good trial lawyers are impressive. It is a mistake, however, 
to mimic them. Excellent trial lawyers come in many different packages. Some are funny; some are very serious. Some have booming voices; some speak softly. Some move around the courtroom; some never become detached from the podium. Each trial lawyer must 
do what is comfortable for him or her, following the old adage: Be true to yourself.
\par Just as there are effective points of style, however, there are also the negative. It is effective to be aggressive on cross-examination; just don\rquote t be a jerk. Getting angry or losing one\rquote 
s temper sometimes will imply that the witness got the best of the cross-examination. Know the difference between tough and mean, between confidence and arrogance, and between control and dominance. The jury will know the difference if the 
lawyer does not.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 {\*\bkmkstart M6}VI. The Sixth Commandment: You Shall Know When to Quit.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 {\*\bkmkend M6}
\par All lawyers have experienced situations where they realize, half way through a cross-examination outline, that the battle is over -- either everything has been done with a particu
lar witness, or there is little more that can be done. It is either recognition of victory or acknowledgement of defeat. One of the most difficult things for lawyers to do is to quit \endash 
 to step away from the limelight. Yet, effective counsel will stay attun
ed to how the cross-examination is going as it is progressing. Adaptability is the key. Things may go better than hoped, or things may grow hopelessly worse. As the cross-examination proceeds, it is critical to stay attuned to the courtroom atmosphere. Ho
w is the jury responding to the performance? How is the judge responding? The best-laid plans of even the best cross-examination should be modified as circumstances dictate \endash  even to the point of quitting.
\par Generally, there are two times to quit. The first o
ccurs when the witness has been discredited or has made a monumental concession. There is no need for overkill, and the jury may resent counsel if he or she maintains the charge against the witness. Even worse, the witness may negotiate a remarkable comeb
a
ck. The second time to quit is when the witness is killing the case or counsel. Trial lawyers generally are not steeped in humility, and defeat ill becomes them. The tendency is to keep fighting against all odds. Nevertheless, trial counsel should have th
e
 judgment to admit defeat at the hands of a witness. Occasionally, this result can be calculated before trial, if the reputation or deposition performance of the witness suggests that few points can be scored on cross-examination. Sometimes, unfortunately
, one learns this lesson under the bright lights of the courtroom.
\par This does not mean, however, that the lawyer staggers to counsel table and sinks into the chair. Recall the scene in the movie, \'93My Cousin Vinnie,\'94 when one of the defense counsel inartfully
 attempted to cross-examine a witness about his eyesight. Failing in the effort, counsel retired to counsel table only to proclaim: \'93Whew, he is a tough one.\'94
 Trial lawyers often engage illusion. Make it appear that this witness actually can support the case in some respect. Find some common ground with the witness so that the witness can conclude the examination by agreeing with counsel.
\par In this regard, imagine a case where a prescription drug is alleged to have caused injury to the plaintiff. An extraordinarily qualified medical expert has provided an opinion that the plaintiff\rquote 
s injury was caused by the medicine, and the expert cannot be moved from that causation opinion. Within the limits of whatever latitude a judge might allow on cross-examination, try to commit the expert to the following general points:
\par (a) You will agree that prescription drugs are important to the health of Americans.
\par (b) All medicines have side effects.
\par (c) Just because a medicine has side effects does not mean it should not be marketed.
\par (d) The FDA balances the risks and benefits of every prescription medicine in determining whether it should be marketed.
\par (e) Once the prescription medicine is marketed, the physician also balances the risks and benefits in determining whether to prescribe the medicine for a patient.
\par (f) The [prescription medicine at issue in the case] continues to be available on the market.
\par (g) The FDA has never ordered it to be removed from the market.
\par (h) The FDA has never determined that this medicine should be unavailable to patients in America.
\par (i) Indeed, physicians all over the country prescribe this medicine for patients who need it.
\par In this fashion, the lawyer is driving home them
es that support a defense of the pharmaceutical manufacturer and getting an effective witness to make these points. The cross-examination will conclude on a high note. Be careful, however, so as not to allow a good witness to further damage the case on re
-direct by opening new avenues of inquiry on cross-examination.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 {\*\bkmkstart M7}VII. The Seventh Commandment: You Shall Know What to Take to the Podium.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 {\*\bkmkend M7}
\par Preparation is a good thing, and developing a good cross-examination outline is very useful. Yet, in the heat of the
 battle, being organized, effective and quick to the point is critical. Some attorneys take volumes of materials to the podium for cross-examination. Some come armed with fifty-page cross-examination outlines. All of this is acceptable, if the volume of m
a
terials is manageable. No matter how hard the lawyer works on preparing cross-examination, however, surprise is inevitable. The lawyer may want or need to pursue a line of questioning that is out of order in the outline. An article, document or transcript
 may be needed unexpectedly for impeachment. All of these items must be accessible immediately. Fumbling around, shuffling papers or searching for one\rquote s place in an outline while the courtroom remains eerily silent does not convey a positive image.

\par There ar
e many solutions to this problem, but the most important one is economy. Streamline the cross-examination outline in order to move around easily, making those points that are the most effective for the moment. Not every question need be written out. This 
i
s cross-examination, not an oratory contest. The jury will be able to tell the difference. Have the confidence to work from a shorter outline, knowing that additional points can be made to fill the gaps. If a lengthy cross-examination is anticipated, divi
de the outline into discrete parts, using a three-ring binder and a tabbing system. This will allow for a focus on the details within single topics, minimizing the risk of getting lost.
\par Handling the impeachment material also requires preparation and organization. Again, economy is the key. Know the materials and have them readily available. Combining these key materials into a collection of \'93maybe\'94
 documents will interfere with the ability to find what is needed when it is needed. Key materials should be cro
ss-referenced within the outline and organized in a series of folders to retrieve them quickly. Having an assistant who thinks two steps ahead and follows the outline may be the most efficient way to handle these materials.
\par Impeaching with prior testimony 
also can be tricky since this requires some knowledge that an impeachment opportunity exists. One must locate the impeaching material and lay the foundation for use of that material. Finally, the impeaching material must be used effectively. The paramount
 
rule on impeachment is this: use impeachment sparingly and only for telling points. If an expert testifies at trial that he has been deposed sixty-one times, but in his deposition he acknowledged sixty-two times, the inconsistency usually is not worth the
 
impeachment effort. With that rule in mind, preparation for cross-examination should focus on those concessions made by the witness in prior transcripts that are essential to the case. Include these points in the outline and be sure the outline tracks the
 
precise question asked in the prior transcript. Then, have the transcripts marked in order to access the impeaching portion easily. Not every witness transcript needs to be at the podium, however -- only those that will be used. The same rules apply for a
ny other impeaching material \endash  whether published articles, statements on a web site, letters or reports.
\par Now, a word about paperless trials. Most trial lawyers are heeding the trend to place materials in electronic form and eliminate paper in the courtroom.
 That trend is likely to continue. With judges forcing parties to use electronic media in the courtroom, defendants should be concerned no longer about presenting a \'93high tech\'94
 case in most venues. All parties will be required to do so. However, the use of electronic media can be a blessing and a curse. It is a blessing because it allows ready access to materials that are needed to cross-examine a witness.
\par Pushing the right button or waving a wand over the right bar code produces what is needed. Yet the cur
se involves learning how to handle this technology. All the necessary software must be learned and loaded for every witness; the right materials must be available instantly for the witness and the jury. This requires practice. Once mastered, the presentat
ion can be powerful and even intimidating to an opposing witness. Find the software that is \'93friendliest\'94
 and learn it. Use outside consultants if necessary. Once the process is familiar and its utility realized, lawyers will be inclined to use technology even if not required by the trial judge.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 {\*\bkmkstart M8}VIII. The Eighth Commandment: You Shall Know The Audience.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 {\*\bkmkend M8}
\par Consider a situation where the examiner is masterful, the witness is bested on technical points, and impeachment is accomplished with scientific journals
. The entire direct examination is facing destruction with laser-like precision as the examiner bombards the witness with technical questions. The problem? The jury has no idea what is going on. This situation sometimes makes for a good appellate record, 
but it makes for a bad trial result.
\par A gifted trial attorney is able to reduce the technical to the simple without appearing to patronize the jury. This is important in all phases of the trial, but it is most important in cross-examination when counsel is a
ttempting to undermine the case of an opponent through the testimony of the opponent\rquote 
s witnesses. If the jury does not understand that an opponent has been bested, time has been wasted. If counsel is moving laboriously through technical points and boring t
he jury in the process, both time and substance are lost. The jury will grow angry. There are few truisms in the business of trying cases, but there is one: if the jury is mad at counsel, the case is lost.
\par Effective trial lawyers remember that the importan
t audience is seated in the jury box. The jury must understand the case. In particular, jurors must understand the points being made on cross-examination. Yet again, this starts with preparation. Decide beforehand what points are important to the cause an
d whether they can be made effectively during cross-examination. Sometimes it is simply not worth investing the time and energy or invoking the jury\rquote 
s tolerance to make technical points with an adverse witness. Some of these points can be deferred until a party\rquote s own witness is on the stand.
\par If a point is worth making on cross-examination, decide how best to make it. The jury must understand the context of a given point. Use simple words in simple sentences and reinforce points that are conceded by a witness: \'93
You said that it is standard practice to perform x-rays under those circumstances. Is this something you learned in your medical training?\'94 Be sure that when the witness concedes a point, the jury understands the advantage. Perhaps that involves some d
ramatic flair, if that is counsel\rquote 
s style -- a change in tone of voice, or movement from the podium. Perhaps counsel did not hear the answer, or fears that the jury did not, and asks the witness to repeat it. All of this involves style and judgment. Most of
 all, however, it involves telling the simple story to the jury.
\par Another effective way to make points is to highlight them for the jury. Some judges will allow counsel to enumerate key concessions on a flip chart or an Elmo. (Though keep in mind that some 
judges do not). This can be an important way for jurors to remember the points made. They hear the points, then they see the points. Any time a point can be visually made or recorded, do so. It allows counsel to relate back to this visual point during clo
s
ing argument, and it creates a more enduring cross-examination memory for the jury. Demonstrative exhibits or other visual aids generally make cross-examination more interesting, and the more interesting the cross-examination, the more attention the jury 
will give it.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 {\*\bkmkstart M9}IX. The Ninth Commandment: You Shall Know the Rules of Evidence.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 {\*\bkmkend M9}
\par Much of cross-examination is style and technique, but that is only veneer. It is the substantive content that holds the case together. Counsel must introduce EVIDENCE during 
cross-examination. The admission of evidence requires a keen understanding of the rules of evidence and how to argue them. The best-planned cross-examination will be ineffective if counsel cannot navigate the rules of evidence.
\par The starting point is to know the rules of evidence. That does not involve reviewing law school notes from Evidence 101, or skimming through Wigmore\rquote 
s Law of Evidence. It means, however, that the rules of evidence must be read again. It means that cases and articles must be reviewed.
 Generally, lawyers who are not also law professors do not maintain encyclopedic recollection of the rules of evidence. Yet these rules must be refreshed so that they can be argued usefully.
\par In addition to this general re-acquaintance, be sure to identify 
those rules that hold particular importance to the trial. Different rules come into play in different trials. Know well the ones that count. Anticipate problems with the authenticity and admissibility of documents needed for cross-examination. Be sure to 
c
ontemplate an argument supporting the admissibility of evidence important to every aspect of cross-examination. Prepare trial briefs or motions in limine, and raise problem areas in advance of cross-examination. Be sure the cross-examination moves as seam
lessly as possible. All of this increases the chances of winning at trial. Failing that, it makes for a good appellate record.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 {\*\bkmkstart M10}X. The Tenth Commandment: You Shall Know The Judge.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 {\*\bkmkend M10}
\par Not all judges are created equal. Some know the rules of evidence, but s
ome do not. Some are courteous and patient, and some are not. Some will impose restrictions on cross-examination; some will not. Before trying a case to an unfamiliar judge, find out about that judge. Better yet, if there is time, observe the judge during
 a jury trial. Talk to attorneys who have tried cases in front of the particular judge, and otherwise gather information from every conceivable source, seeking out detail.
\par Find out how the judge enforces the rules of evidence, how documents can be used duri
ng cross-examination, whether there are time restrictions, where counsel must stand during cross-examination, whether the judge requires the witness to answer specific questions with no elaboration, how documents are used with the witness, and so forth. K
nowing the peccadilloes of a particular judge will provide a measure of comfort, allowing counsel to focus on important substantive issues. If one\rquote 
s cross-examination is disrupted by a judge who is critical of perceived infractions, the pace and content of the cross-examination will be disrupted. \~
For defense lawyers, this is a lesson that must be learned early in trial since cross-examination is one of the more immediate events.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 III}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 CONCLUSION}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid5317168\charrsid12546012 
\par Reverting to lessons learned at the outset: Practice. Practice. Practice. Keep these commandments in mind until they become second nature. Once comfortable with the technique of cross-examination, it is easier to relax. Counsel will appear more confident,
 and the jury will sense this confidence. Such confidence will make counsel more effective in every phase of the trial and increase the chances of winning the case which, after all, is the reason for this business.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid16195429\charrsid12546012 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb6ac3301045f785fe83d0b6d8
72ba28a5d8cea249777d2cd20f18e4b12d6a8f843409c9df77ecb850ba082d74231062ce997b55ae8fe3a00e1893f354e9555e6885647de3a8abf4fbee29bbd7
2a3150038327acf409935ed7d757e5ee14302999a654e99e393c18936c8f23a4dc072479697d1c81e51a3b13c07e4087e6b628ee8cf5c4489cf1c4d075f92a0b
44d7a07a83c82f308ac7b0a0f0fbf90c2480980b58abc733615aa2d210c2e02cb04430076a7ee833dfb6ce62e3ed7e14693e8317d8cd0433bf5c60f53fea2fe7
065bd80facb647e9e25c7fc421fd2ddb526b2e9373fed4bb902e182e97b7b461e6bfad3f010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c00000
00360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4fc7060abb08
84a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b63095120f88d94fbc
52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462a1a82fe353
bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468
656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b4b0d592c9c
070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b4757e8d3f7
29e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210096b5ade296060000501b0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65
312e786d6cec594f6fdb3614bf0fd87720746f6327761a07758ad8b19b2d4d1bc46e871e698996d850a240d2497d1bdae38001c3ba618715d86d87615b8116d8
a5fb34d93a6c1dd0afb0475292c5585e9236d88aad3e2412f9e3fbff1e1fa9abd7eec70c1d1221294fda5efd72cd4324f1794093b0eddd1ef62fad79482a9c04
98f184b4bd2991deb58df7dfbb8ad755446282607d22d771db8b944ad79796a40fc3585ee62949606ecc458c15bc8a702910f808e8c66c69b9565b5d8a314d3c
94e018c8de1a8fa94fd05093f43672e23d06af89927ac06762a049136785c10607758d9053d965021d62d6f6804fc08f86e4bef210c352c144dbab999fb7b471
7509af678b985ab0b6b4ae6f7ed9ba6c4170b06c788a705430adf71bad2b5b057d03606a1ed7ebf5babd7a41cf00b0ef83a6569632cd467faddec9699640f671
9e76b7d6ac355c7c89feca9cccad4ea7d36c65b258a206641f1b73f8b5da6a6373d9c11b90c537e7f08dce66b7bbeae00dc8e257e7f0fd2badd5868b37a088d1
e4600ead1ddaef67d40bc898b3ed4af81ac0d76a197c86826828a24bb318f3442d8ab518dfe3a20f000d6458d104a9694ac6d88728eee2782428d60cf03ac1a5
193be4cbb921cd0b495fd054b5bd0f530c1931a3f7eaf9f7af9e3f45c70f9e1d3ff8e9f8e1c3e3073f5a42ceaa6d9c84e5552fbffdeccfc71fa33f9e7ef3f2d1
17d57859c6fffac327bffcfc793510d26726ce8b2f9ffcf6ecc98baf3efdfdbb4715f04d814765f890c644a29be408edf3181433567125272371be15c308d3f2
8acd249438c19a4b05fd9e8a1cf4cd296699771c393ac4b5e01d01e5a30a787d72cf1178108989a2159c77a2d801ee72ce3a5c545a6147f32a99793849c26ae6
6252c6ed637c58c5bb8b13c7bfbd490a75330f4b47f16e441c31f7184e140e494214d273fc80900aedee52ead87597fa824b3e56e82e451d4c2b4d32a423279a
668bb6690c7e9956e90cfe766cb37b077538abd27a8b1cba48c80acc2a841f12e698f13a9e281c57911ce298950d7e03aba84ac8c154f8655c4f2af074481847
bd804859b5e696007d4b4edfc150b12addbecba6b18b148a1e54d1bc81392f23b7f84137c2715a851dd0242a633f900710a218ed715505dfe56e86e877f0034e
16bafb0e258ebb4faf06b769e888340b103d3311da9750aa9d0a1cd3e4efca31a3508f6d0c5c5c398602f8e2ebc71591f5b616e24dd893aa3261fb44f95d843b
5974bb5c04f4edafb95b7892ec1108f3f98de75dc97d5772bdff7cc95d94cf672db4b3da0a6557f70db629362d72bcb0431e53c6066acac80d699a6409fb44d0
8741bdce9c0e4971624a2378cceaba830b05366b90e0ea23aaa241845368b0eb9e2612ca8c742851ca251ceccc70256d8d87265dd96361531f186c3d9058edf2
c00eafe8e1fc5c509031bb4d680e9f39a3154de0accc56ae644441edd76156d7429d995bdd88664a9dc3ad50197c38af1a0c16d684060441db02565e85f3b966
0d0713cc48a0ed6ef7dedc2dc60b17e92219e180643ed27acffba86e9c94c78ab90980d8a9f0913ee49d62b512b79626fb06dccee2a432bbc60276b9f7dec44b
7904cfbca4f3f6443ab2a49c9c2c41476dafd55c6e7ac8c769db1bc399161ee314bc2e75cf8759081743be1236ec4f4d6693e5336fb672c5dc24a8c33585b5fb
9cc24e1d4885545b58463634cc5416022cd19cacfccb4d30eb45296023fd35a458598360f8d7a4003bbaae25e331f155d9d9a5116d3bfb9a95523e51440ca2e0
088dd844ec6370bf0e55d027a012ae264c45d02f708fa6ad6da6dce29c255df9f6cae0ec38666984b372ab5334cf640b37795cc860de4ae2816e95b21be5ceaf
8a49f90b52a51cc6ff3355f47e0237052b81f6800fd7b802239daf6d8f0b1571a8426944fdbe80c6c1d40e8816b88b8569082ab84c36ff0539d4ff6dce591a26
ade1c0a7f669880485fd484582903d284b26fa4e2156cff62e4b9265844c4495c495a9157b440e091bea1ab8aaf7760f4510eaa69a6465c0e04ec69ffb9e65d0
28d44d4e39df9c1a52ecbd3607fee9cec7263328e5d661d3d0e4f62f44acd855ed7ab33cdf7bcb8ae889599bd5c8b3029895b6825696f6af29c239b75a5bb1e6
345e6ee6c28117e73586c1a2214ae1be07e93fb0ff51e133fb65426fa843be0fb515c187064d0cc206a2fa926d3c902e907670048d931db4c1a44959d366ad93
b65abe595f70a75bf03d616c2dd959fc7d4e6317cd99cbcec9c58b34766661c7d6766ca1a9c1b327531486c6f941c638c67cd22a7f75e2a37be0e82db8df9f30
254d30c1372581a1f51c983c80e4b71ccdd28dbf000000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f74
68656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f24
51eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198
720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528
a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000
000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b000000000000000000000000
002b0100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000140200007468
656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210096b5ade296060000501b000016000000000000000000
00000000d10200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000000000
00000000000000009b0900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000960a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax267\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef1\lsdunhideuseddef1\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority59 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e352e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffffec69d9888b8b3d4c859eaf6cd158be0f000000000000000000000000d05d
4e168d25d701feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}