{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch37\stshfhich37\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}{\f37\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f39\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f40\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f49\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f50\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f53\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f379\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}{\f380\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}
{\f382\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}{\f383\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}{\f386\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}{\f387\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria Math (Vietnamese);}
{\f409\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f410\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\f412\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f413\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\f416\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f417\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Tur;}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \f37 }{\*\defpap 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 \styrsid12411024 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \sqformat Normal Table;}{
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext15 \styrsid12411024 Normal (Web);}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid198630\rsid1000690\rsid1664848\rsid4350602\rsid12411024}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}
{\info{\author Sachinb}{\operator Fast Care Computers}{\creatim\yr2021\mo3\dy30\hr11\min44}{\revtim\yr2021\mo3\dy30\hr11\min44}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages5}{\nofwords2042}{\nofchars9371}{\nofcharsws11391}{\vern32859}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schem
as.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen
\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot4350602\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\utinl \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0{\*\template F:\\ValSpeQ DVD\\VS\\deed\\Rtf Doc\\Motor\\APPLICATION BEFORE THE AUTHORITY OF MOTOR ACCIDENT CLAIMS TRIBUNAL.dot}\ltrpar 
\sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar
\s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12411024 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 
\ab\af1\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs22\insrsid12411024\charrsid12411024 APPLICATION BEFORE THE AUTHORITY OF MOTOR ACCIDENT CLAIMS TRIBUNAL
\par }\pard \ltrpar\s15\qj \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12411024 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs22\insrsid12411024\charrsid12411024 
IN THE COURT OF THE....................
\par Application No..................... of 19....................
\par }\pard \ltrpar\s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12411024 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs22\insrsid12411024\charrsid12411024 
A. B. C............................................................ Applicants
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs22\insrsid12411024\charrsid12411024 versus 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs22\insrsid12411024\charrsid12411024 C. D. F......................................................... Respondents
\par }\pard \ltrpar\s15\qj \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12411024 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs22\insrsid12411024\charrsid12411024 
We the heirs and legal representatives of the late Shri.................... s/o Shri .................... and, resident of.................... who was injured in Motor Vehicle Acc
ident, hereby apply for the grant of compensation for the death of Shri .................... as heirs and legal representatives of the deceased. Necessary particulars in respect of the injury, vehicle etc. are given below:
\par }\pard \ltrpar\s15\qj \li720\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0\pararsid12411024 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs22\insrsid12411024\charrsid12411024 1. Name and father
\rquote s name of the person died.
\par 2. Full Address of the person dead.
\par 3. Age of the person injured/dead.
\par 4. Occupation of the person dead.
\par 5. Name and address of the employer of the deceased, if any.
\par 6. Monthly income of the person dead.
\par 7. Does the person in respect of whom compensation is claimed, pay income tax? if so, state the amount of income tax to be supported by documentary evidence.
\par 8. Place, date and time of the accident.
\par 9. Name and address of the police station in whose jurisdiction the accident took place or was registered.
\par 10. Had the person in respect of whom compensation is claimed, travelled by the motor vehicle involved in the accident? If so, the name of place of starting the journey and destination.
\par 11. Nature of injuries sustained.
\par 12. Name and address of the Medical Officer/Practitioner, if any, who attended the deceased.
\par 13. Period of treatment and expenditure if any, insured thereon (to be supported by documentary evidence).
\par 14. Registration No. and the type of the motor vehicle involved in the accident.
\par 15. Name and address of the insurer of the Motor Vehicle.
\par 16. Name and address of the owner of Motor Vehicle.
\par 17. Has any claim been lodged with the Owner/Insurer if so with what results?
\par 18. Name and address of the applicant.
\par 19. Relation with deceased.
\par 20. Amount of compensation.
\par 21. Title of property of the deceased.
\par 22. Any other information that may be necessary or helpful in the disposal of the claim.
\par 23. Reasons or grounds for the late submission of the claim application on which condonation of the delay is claimed.
\par 24. Cause of accident with brief description.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\s15\qr \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12411024 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs22\insrsid12411024\charrsid12411024 Petitioners
\par }\pard \ltrpar\s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12411024 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs22\insrsid12411024\charrsid12411024 CASE LAW
\par }\pard \ltrpar\s15\qj \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12411024 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs22\insrsid12411024\charrsid12411024 
The liability of the insurer arises only when a judgment is obtained ag
ainst the insured. In other words, it is only then and then alone that the insurer is obliged to pay the claimants, the amount due by the insured under an award made against him by the Motor Accident Claims Tribunal.1
\par The liability of the insurer to pay a 
claim under a motor-cum-accident policy arises on the occurrence of the accident and not before, and, therefore, the law as was in force on the date of the accident would be the determining factor in awarding compensation to different claimants and the ex
tent of the insurance company\rquote s liability would be determined accordingly.2
\par The liability of the Insurance Company is for the liability of the owner vis a vis the vicarious liability incurred by the driver of the vehicle.3
\par It is settled law that an insurer can cover a higher risk than the statutory limit.4
\par Sub-section (2) of Section 95 prescribe the minimum requirement of the insurance policy but it is open to the insurer to cover risk to a larger extent, and if he does, the liability will be determined in terms of the risk covered.5
\par Where the policy covers wider risk than under Section 95(2), the Claims Tribunal is competent to make an award directing the insurer to pay such compensation to the claimant for which the insured is found liable.6
\par Insurance Compa
ny is liable to cover the risk of a hirer/agent or his employees travelling with the goods in a goods vehicle under the proviso to clause (b) of Section 95(1) as a passenger carried for hire or reward or by reason or in pursuance of a contract of employme
nt.7
\par It will not cover the risk of the persons, who after taking lift from the driver on payment of some money or fare otherwise travel in the vehicle carrying with them, their some luggage or goods.
\par A Motor Accident Claims Tribunal can hold an Insurance Co
mpany liable to pay an amount in excess of the statutory limit prescribed by Section 95(2)(b) of the Act if the policy covers that liability; that the question as to whether an Insurance Company is or is not so liable, should not be decided on the abstrac
t
 doctrine of burdens of proof; that the Insurance Company should produce in such cases before the Tribunal on True copy of the policy of insurance; that in the event of failure of the Insurance Company to do so, the Tribunal should direct the Insurance Co
mpany to produce such copy and that failure to comply with the direction of the Tribunal in that behalf would justify drawing of an adverse inference against the Insurance Company.8
\par It is well settled that the proviso (ii) to Section 95(1 )(b) provides cove
r in respect of the risk of passengers even if they are carried in a vehicle which is not a public service vehicle if they are carried for hire or reward or by reason or in pursuance of a contract of employment.9
\par The liability could, however, be avoided by the Insurance Company on any or more of the grounds specified in Section 96(2) }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs22\insrsid12411024\charrsid12411024 [ibid].
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs22\insrsid12411024\charrsid12411024 Once a policy is issued by the Insurance Company covering any person or classes of persons who are entitled to be indemnified against the death or bodily injury to any 
person or damage to any property of third party caused by or arising out of the use of the vehicle in a public place, the object of insurance is to get indemnification of any damage that may be caused to any third party arising out of the use of the vehic
le in a public place in an accident causing death or bodily injury to that third party or damage to any property of the third party.10
\par The burden to prove that the liability of the insurer is limited to the extent provided under Section 95 lies on the insurer.11
\par If no evidence is led by either party and the insurance policy or a copy thereof is not produced, the Insurance Company would be liable for the entire amount, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs22\insrsid12411024\charrsid12411024 [ibid].

\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs22\insrsid12411024\charrsid12411024 A policy issued by way of a \lquote cover note\rquote  will be as effective as a \lquote certificate of insurance\rquote .12
\par When the cheque is obtained form the insured as valid payment towards premium for the Cover Note issued, non-presentment of the cheque by the insurer
\par for encashment cannot have the effect of absolving the insurer of the liability under the Cover Note pursuant to the receipt of such Cheque, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs22\insrsid12411024\charrsid12411024 [ibid].
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs22\insrsid12411024\charrsid12411024 A motor policy cannot be interpreted so as to restrict its operation as would defeat the very purpose for which it has been taken.13
\par It is well settled that in order to make the Insurance Company lia
ble to pay a sum higher than its statutory liability in terms of Section 95(2) of the Act, a specific agreement to the aforementioned effect has to be arrived at by and between the owner and the Insurance Company and a separate premium has to be paid for 
enhancement of such liability undertaken to be paid by the Insurance Company in this behalf.14
\par In terms of Article 141 of the Constitution of India, by entering into a contract of insurance covering comprehensive third party risk, the insurer cannot be said to have agreed to indemnify the owner to an unlimited amount, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs22 
\ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs22\insrsid12411024\charrsid12411024 [ibid],
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs22\insrsid12411024\charrsid12411024 If risk of any other nature in excess of statutory liability, if any, is sought to be covered it has to be clearly specified in the policy and separate premium paid therefor.15

\par The liability of the insurer could not be in excess of the statutory limit under Section 95(2).l6
\par Clause (a) deals with \lquote goods vehicle\rquote  while clause (b) deals with \lquote passenger vehicle\rquote  or \lquote motor cab\rquote . The overall liability for each death is different under each of these clauses.17
\par The principles with regard to Section 95(2)(a) cannot be attracted to Section 95(2)(b) }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs22\insrsid12411024\charrsid12411024 [ibid].
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs22\insrsid12411024\charrsid12411024 The claim has to be adjudicated according to provision which existed at the time of accident took place.18
\par If the owner himself suffers an injury in an accident, he does not acquire any right to get compensation from the Insurance Company under the policy issued to him.19
\par If the insurer is not liable, then the insured is also not liable. The liability of the insurer depends upon the liability of the insured. Under the law, negligence of the owner or driver is a }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\f1\fs22\insrsid12411024\charrsid12411024 sine qua non }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs22\insrsid12411024\charrsid12411024 for such liability, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs22\insrsid12411024\charrsid12411024 [ibid].
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs22\insrsid12411024\charrsid12411024 
Personal insurance is intended to secure to the assured or his representative the payment of a sum money in the event of his disablement or death by accident. It resembles life insurance and differs from other classes of insurance and it is no
t a contract of indemnity but a mere contract to pay a sum of money in a certain contingency, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs22\insrsid12411024\charrsid12411024 [ibid].
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs22\insrsid12411024\charrsid12411024 Where the vehicle is comprehensively insured, the limitation contained in Section 95(2) of the Act does not apply. In spite of it, outer limit of the liab
ility of the Insurance Company will depend on the terms of the policy.20
\par In accident claim cases while interpreting the contract of insurance the Tribunals and the courts have to be conscious of the fact that right to claim compensation by heirs and legal 
representatives of the victims of the accident is not defeated on technical grounds.21
\par }\pard \ltrpar\s15\qj \li1440\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin1440\itap0\pararsid12411024 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs22\insrsid12411024\charrsid12411024 
1. The Oriental Fire & General Insurance Co. Ltd. v. Bachan Singh, 1982 P. L. R. 280 (P. &. H.) F. B.
\par 2. Tara Pada Roy v. Dwijendra Nath Sen & Ors., (1985) 2 A. C. C. 563 (Pat ) D. B.: See: A. I. R. 1982 S. C. 836.
\par 3. United India Fire & General Insurance Co. Ltd. v. Gulab Chandra Gupta, (1985) 1 A. C. C. 52 (All. ) D. B.
\par 4. United Fire & General Insurance Co. Ltd. v. Mrs. Kalsum Begum, (1986) 2 T. A. C. 397 (Gauhati).
\par 5. United Fire & General Insurance Co. Ltd. v. Minaben Harish Chandra, A. i. R. 1979 Guj. 108.
\par 6. Assam Corporation v. Binu Rai, A. I. R. 1975 Gauhati 3.
\par 7. Harishankar Tiwari v. Jagru, 1987 (1) A. C. J. 1 (M. P. ) F. B.
\par 8. United India Fire & Insurance Co. Ltd. v. Natvarlal & Ors., (1989) 1 A. C. C. 9 (M.P.) F. B.
\par 9. The New India Assurance Co. Ltd. v. Siyaram Yadav & 2 Ors., (1989) 1 A. C. C. 82 (M.P.) Ref. to; National Insurance Co. Ltd. & anr. v. Nathibai Chaturbhuj & ors., 1982 A. C. J. 153 (Guj.) F. B.
\par 10. A. T. V. S. Prasad v. United India Insurance Co. Ltd., (1989) 1 A. C. C. 151 (A. P. ).
\par 11. New India Assurance Co. Ltd. v. Mahinder Kaur & ors., (1989) 1 A. C. C. 172 (Raj.).
\par 12. Oriental Insurance Co. Ltd. v. K. Gowramma & ors., (1989) 1 A. C. C. 200(Karn.) D.B.
\par 13. United India Assurance Co. Ltd. v. Thimmawwa & ors., (1989) 1 A. C. C. 208 (Karn.) D. B.: (1989) 1 A. C. J. 149 (Karnataka).
\par 14. The Oriental Fire & General Insurance Co. Ltd. v. Barun Kumar Pandey & anr., (1989) B. L. J. R. 230 (Patna-Ranchi Bench).
\par 15. (1988) 1 S. C. C. 626.
\par 16. The Oriental Fire & General Insurance Co. Ltd. v. Mahila Lolma & Ors., (1989) 1 C. C. C. 6 (M. P. ) D. B.
\par 17. P. Rajaiah & anr, v. M. Manikya Reddy & anr., (1989) 1 C. C. C. 612 (A. P. ): See A. I. R. 1981 S. C. 2059: A. I. R. 1987 S. C. 2158.
\par 18. National Insurance Co. Ltd. v. Gotiya & ors., (1989) 1 C. C. C. 471 (Raj. ).
\par 19. Mathew Koshy v. Oriental Insurance Co. Ltd., 1989 A. C. J. 21 (Ker. ) D. B.
\par 20. New India Assurance Co. Ltd. v. Nanak Chand Ben & Ors., 1989 A. C. J. 169 (M. P.); See: 1987 A. C. J. 872 (S. C. ): 1982 A. C. J. (Supp. ) 106 (Mad. ) D. B.
\par 21. Sohan Lal Passi v. P. Sesh Reddy, 1996 (5) Supreme 603.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs22\insrsid1000690\charrsid12411024 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb6ac3301045f785fe83d0b6d8
72ba28a5d8cea249777d2cd20f18e4b12d6a8f843409c9df77ecb850ba082d74231062ce997b55ae8fe3a00e1893f354e9555e6885647de3a8abf4fbee29bbd7
2a3150038327acf409935ed7d757e5ee14302999a654e99e393c18936c8f23a4dc072479697d1c81e51a3b13c07e4087e6b628ee8cf5c4489cf1c4d075f92a0b
44d7a07a83c82f308ac7b0a0f0fbf90c2480980b58abc733615aa2d210c2e02cb04430076a7ee833dfb6ce62e3ed7e14693e8317d8cd0433bf5c60f53fea2fe7
065bd80facb647e9e25c7fc421fd2ddb526b2e9373fed4bb902e182e97b7b461e6bfad3f010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c00000
00360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4fc7060abb08
84a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b63095120f88d94fbc
52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462a1a82fe353
bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468
656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b4b0d592c9c
070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b4757e8d3f7
29e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210096b5ade296060000501b0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65
312e786d6cec594f6fdb3614bf0fd87720746f6327761a07758ad8b19b2d4d1bc46e871e698996d850a240d2497d1bdae38001c3ba618715d86d87615b8116d8
a5fb34d93a6c1dd0afb0475292c5585e9236d88aad3e2412f9e3fbff1e1fa9abd7eec70c1d1221294fda5efd72cd4324f1794093b0eddd1ef62fad79482a9c04
98f184b4bd2991deb58df7dfbb8ad755446282607d22d771db8b944ad79796a40fc3585ee62949606ecc458c15bc8a702910f808e8c66c69b9565b5d8a314d3c
94e018c8de1a8fa94fd05093f43672e23d06af89927ac06762a049136785c10607758d9053d965021d62d6f6804fc08f86e4bef210c352c144dbab999fb7b471
7509af678b985ab0b6b4ae6f7ed9ba6c4170b06c788a705430adf71bad2b5b057d03606a1ed7ebf5babd7a41cf00b0ef83a6569632cd467faddec9699640f671
9e76b7d6ac355c7c89feca9cccad4ea7d36c65b258a206641f1b73f8b5da6a6373d9c11b90c537e7f08dce66b7bbeae00dc8e257e7f0fd2badd5868b37a088d1
e4600ead1ddaef67d40bc898b3ed4af81ac0d76a197c86826828a24bb318f3442d8ab518dfe3a20f000d6458d104a9694ac6d88728eee2782428d60cf03ac1a5
193be4cbb921cd0b495fd054b5bd0f530c1931a3f7eaf9f7af9e3f45c70f9e1d3ff8e9f8e1c3e3073f5a42ceaa6d9c84e5552fbffdeccfc71fa33f9e7ef3f2d1
17d57859c6fffac327bffcfc793510d26726ce8b2f9ffcf6ecc98baf3efdfdbb4715f04d814765f890c644a29be408edf3181433567125272371be15c308d3f2
8acd249438c19a4b05fd9e8a1cf4cd296699771c393ac4b5e01d01e5a30a787d72cf1178108989a2159c77a2d801ee72ce3a5c545a6147f32a99793849c26ae6
6252c6ed637c58c5bb8b13c7bfbd490a75330f4b47f16e441c31f7184e140e494214d273fc80900aedee52ead87597fa824b3e56e82e451d4c2b4d32a423279a
668bb6690c7e9956e90cfe766cb37b077538abd27a8b1cba48c80acc2a841f12e698f13a9e281c57911ce298950d7e03aba84ac8c154f8655c4f2af074481847
bd804859b5e696007d4b4edfc150b12addbecba6b18b148a1e54d1bc81392f23b7f84137c2715a851dd0242a633f900710a218ed715505dfe56e86e877f0034e
16bafb0e258ebb4faf06b769e888340b103d3311da9750aa9d0a1cd3e4efca31a3508f6d0c5c5c398602f8e2ebc71591f5b616e24dd893aa3261fb44f95d843b
5974bb5c04f4edafb95b7892ec1108f3f98de75dc97d5772bdff7cc95d94cf672db4b3da0a6557f70db629362d72bcb0431e53c6066acac80d699a6409fb44d0
8741bdce9c0e4971624a2378cceaba830b05366b90e0ea23aaa241845368b0eb9e2612ca8c742851ca251ceccc70256d8d87265dd96361531f186c3d9058edf2
c00eafe8e1fc5c509031bb4d680e9f39a3154de0accc56ae644441edd76156d7429d995bdd88664a9dc3ad50197c38af1a0c16d684060441db02565e85f3b966
0d0713cc48a0ed6ef7dedc2dc60b17e92219e180643ed27acffba86e9c94c78ab90980d8a9f0913ee49d62b512b79626fb06dccee2a432bbc60276b9f7dec44b
7904cfbca4f3f6443ab2a49c9c2c41476dafd55c6e7ac8c769db1bc399161ee314bc2e75cf8759081743be1236ec4f4d6693e5336fb672c5dc24a8c33585b5fb
9cc24e1d4885545b58463634cc5416022cd19cacfccb4d30eb45296023fd35a458598360f8d7a4003bbaae25e331f155d9d9a5116d3bfb9a95523e51440ca2e0
088dd844ec6370bf0e55d027a012ae264c45d02f708fa6ad6da6dce29c255df9f6cae0ec38666984b372ab5334cf640b37795cc860de4ae2816e95b21be5ceaf
8a49f90b52a51cc6ff3355f47e0237052b81f6800fd7b802239daf6d8f0b1571a8426944fdbe80c6c1d40e8816b88b8569082ab84c36ff0539d4ff6dce591a26
ade1c0a7f669880485fd484582903d284b26fa4e2156cff62e4b9265844c4495c495a9157b440e091bea1ab8aaf7760f4510eaa69a6465c0e04ec69ffb9e65d0
28d44d4e39df9c1a52ecbd3607fee9cec7263328e5d661d3d0e4f62f44acd855ed7ab33cdf7bcb8ae889599bd5c8b3029895b6825696f6af29c239b75a5bb1e6
345e6ee6c28117e73586c1a2214ae1be07e93fb0ff51e133fb65426fa843be0fb515c187064d0cc206a2fa926d3c902e907670048d931db4c1a44959d366ad93
b65abe595f70a75bf03d616c2dd959fc7d4e6317cd99cbcec9c58b34766661c7d6766ca1a9c1b327531486c6f941c638c67cd22a7f75e2a37be0e82db8df9f30
254d30c1372581a1f51c983c80e4b71ccdd28dbf000000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f74
68656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f24
51eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198
720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528
a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000
000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b000000000000000000000000
002b0100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000140200007468
656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210096b5ade296060000501b000016000000000000000000
00000000d10200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000000000
00000000000000009b0900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000960a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax267\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef1\lsdunhideuseddef1\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority59 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e352e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffffec69d9888b8b3d4c859eaf6cd158be0f000000000000000000000000903c
b5c79425d701feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}