{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch37\stshfhich37\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}{\f37\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f39\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f40\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f49\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f50\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f53\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f379\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}{\f380\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}
{\f382\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}{\f383\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}{\f386\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}{\f387\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria Math (Vietnamese);}
{\f409\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f410\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\f412\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f413\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\f416\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f417\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Tur;}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \f37 }{\*\defpap 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 \styrsid6250559 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \sqformat Normal Table;}}
{\*\rsidtbl \rsid529179\rsid2820932\rsid3043896\rsid4403823\rsid5262538\rsid6250559\rsid15739345\rsid16398389}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info
{\author Sachinb}{\operator Fast Care Computers}{\creatim\yr2021\mo3\dy29\hr4\min13}{\revtim\yr2021\mo3\dy29\hr4\min13}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages8}{\nofwords4019}{\nofchars20384}{\*\company Deftones}{\nofcharsws24355}{\vern32859}}
{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen
\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot529179\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\utinl \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0{\*\template F:\\ValSpeQ DVD\\VS\\deed\\Rtf Doc\\Agreement\\AGREEMENT FOR TRANSFER OF DEVELOPMENT RIGHTS.dot}\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect
\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid6250559\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\qc \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid16398389 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f1\insrsid2820932\charrsid16398389 AGREEMENT FOR TRANSFER OF DEVELOPMENT RIGHTS
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid2820932 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid2820932\charrsid16398389 
THIS AGREEMENT made at ................ this ........................ day of ........................, 2000, between M/s XYZ Builders, a firm registered under Indian Partnership Act, 1932, having their office at Bombay, (hereinafter referred to as the Ven
d
ors, which expression unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof mean and include the partners for the time being of the said firm, their survivor or survivors and the heirs, executors and administrators of last survivor) of the FIRST PART, ABC De
v
elopers Pvt. Ltd. Co., incorporated and registered under the Companies Act, 1956 having their office at .................... hereinafter referred to as "(The Confirming Party", which expression shall unless be repugnant to the context or meaning thereof b
e
 deemed to include its successors and assigns) of the SECOND PART and M/s. MNP Builders & Developers, a firm registered under Indian Partnership Act, 1932 having their office at ............................ hereinafter referred to as "The Purchaser" which
 expression shall unless be repugnant to the context or meaning thereof mean and include the partners for the time being of the said firm, their survivor or survivors and the heirs, executors and administrators of such last survivor) of the THIRD PART.

\par WHER
EAS by two deeds of Conveyance all made between .of the ONE PART and Vendors of the other respectively (1) dated .................... registered under No.................. dated ................... registered under No................. with the Sub-Registr
a
r at .................... the Vendors purchased different pieces of land bearing No.......... of ................ in the registration Sub-district of District............. admeasuring about ............. sq. mts. (hereinafter referred to as the said "Bigg
er Plot") and the said .. granted and conveyed unto the Vendors the said bigger plot;
\par AND WHEREAS the layout named as Complex in respect of the said Bigger Plot and the Building plans for development inter alia of the said Sector Plot by construction of 1 t
o .. Buildings thereon have been sanctioned by the Collector of under No .................... on the .................... ;
\par AND WHEREAS on account of the internal roads of the said layout the said Bigger Plot has been divided into four sub-divided Plots in
cluding a sub- divided Plot known as Sector No. bearing No............. of ........................ and admeasuring about .............. sq. mts. shown by red boundary on the said plan annexed hereto and hereinafter referred to as the said Sector .. Plot;

\par AND WHEREAS the full FAR available in respect of the said Sector .. Plot has not been utilised by construction of the said . buildings and that there is a scope for construction of additional buildings to consume the full FAR in respect of the said Sector
 . plot;
\par AND WHEREAS the Vendors have engaged the services of M/s. , Architects & Consulting Engineers for preparation of structural designs and drawings of the said buildings and also if necessary for supervising construction thereof;
\par AND WHEREAS the fees of the said architect and R C C Consultant for sanction of the said building plans and other charges of and incidental thereto so far as the same relate to the said buildings Nos. 1 to 1 0 have been paid off; 
\par AND WHEREAS the Vendors have engaged the servi
ces of M/s. .., Advocates and Solicitors for drafting the agreements for the sale of the flats on ownership basis to be constructed in the said , for formation of the organisation of the Purchasers of such flats, for transfer of title in favour of such or
ganisation and for all other legal work in connection with the development of the said ..;
\par AND WHEREAS by an agreement dated ............... made between the Vendors of the One Part and the Confirming Party of the other part, the Vendors granted rights to t
he Confirming Party to develop the said Sector .. Plot by constructing thereon the building Nos. 1 to with a right to grant Sub-development rights in respect of the said . buildings in one lot or in different lots as the Confirming Party may desire and fo
r the consideration and upon other terms and conditions therein mentioned;
\par AND WHEREAS the said agreement dated ................. is valid and subsisting;
\par AND WHEREAS the Confirming Party has agreed to grant to the Purchasers and the Purchasers have agreed 
to acquire from the Confirming Party and the said right to construct .. on the said Sector Plot on the consideration and upon the terms and conditions hereinafter appearing;
\par AND WHEREAS at the request of the Purchasers, the Confirming Party has requested the Vendors to enter into direct agreement to grant on behalf of the Confirming Party the right to construct the said building No. . in the manner hereinafter appearing.

\par NOW THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSETH AND IT IS AGREED BY AND BETWEEN THE PARTIES HERETO AS FOLLOWS:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid6250559\charrsid16398389 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid2820932\charrsid16398389 
(1) In pursuance of the agreement and for consideration hereinafter set out on behalf of the Confirming Party, the Vendors hereby grant and the Purchasers hereby agree to acquire the rights to construct the said building No. 8 (hereinafter referred t
o as "the said building') on Plot of land situate at............................................ admeasuring about ................ sq. mtrs. forming part of the land bearing No. .................. and forming part of the said Sector Plot contained in the
 
said .. within the limits of ...................... more particularly described in the Schedule hereunder written and shown by green colour boundary line on the said plan thereof hereto annexed (hereinafter referred to as the said plot) to be developed at
 their own costs, expenses, risks and responsibilities and as per the said building plans, a print whereof is hereto annexed.
\par (2) Subject to the Vendors permission obtained in advance in that behalf, the Purchasers shall be at liberty to make amendments, mo
difications, alterations and variation to the sanctioned building plans, so far as it relates to the said building without in any manner affecting the construction of the other and rest of the buildings to be constructed on the said bigger Plot as also re
st of the buildings in the said .
\par (3) Subject to the provisions hereof, the Purchasers shall be at liberty to sell in their own name the dwelling units, flats, tenements and other premises that shall be contained in the said building on ownership basis at t
he rate and an the terms and conditions which the Purchasers may deem fit and proper.
\par (4) The agreement whereby the Purchasers shall sell the tenements or any other rights or privileges in the said building shall provide that the same are subject to the terms, stipulations and conditions contained in this agreement.
\par (5) In consideration of the rights hereby granted to the Purchasers, the Purchasers shall pay an amount at the rate of Rs. .............. per sq. ft. of built up area of the tenements to be cont
ained in the said building. The built up area of the tenements of the said building shall include the area of the balconies. The built up area of the flats in the said building as per the said plans comes to .............. sq. ft. and the consideration pa
yable hereunder in respect thereof on the said area and at the rate aforesaid come to Rs. ......... The said consideration of Rs. .......... shall be paid by the Purchasers to the Confirming Party in the manner as follows:
\par (i) Rs. ............... On the execution hereof to the Confirming Party (the payment and receipt whereof the Confirming Party do hereby admit and acknowledge)
\par (ii) Rs. .............. as part payment on or before the ........... of ...................
\par (iii) Rs. .............. As further part payment on or before the ............ of ..........................,2000;
\par (iv) Rs. .............. Being the balance to the Confirming Party on execution of the conveyance or lease as hereafter mentioned in favour of the organisation of the purchasers of the tenements.
\par (6) The Purchasers shall not be liable for the expenses already incurred by the Vendors for providing infrastructures for the said building. The Vendors shall not be liable to do any further work to complete or provide any further infrastruc
tures for the said building.
\par (7) The Purchasers, their successors and assigns will have full and free and perpetual right and liberty for themselves, visitors, agents, tenants, servants, workmen and occupiers for the time being of the building or any part 
thereof and all other person or persons authorised in this behalf to be on the said building from time to time and at all times hereafter at their or his will and pleasure by night and by day and for all lawful purposes to go, return, pass and re-pass eit
h
er on foot or with animals, wagons, trucks, vehicles of all kinds, automobiles or other carriages laden and/or unladen through and over the said internal roads shown on the said plan by colour burnt sienna as also to use, utilise and get benefit of the co
mmon services and amenities such as water pipes, sewers, drainage, electric cables under the said internal road along with the Vendors and the other person or persons entitled to the same.
\par (8) The Vendors shall keep the said internal roads unbuilt upon and 
open to sky forever. The Purchasers or the Developers or the Owners for the time being of the other Sectors and Plots forming part of the said bigger plot shall form a common agency. Such common agency shall maintain and repair the said internal road, the
 
sewers, mains, drains, pipes of connection lines whether electric, water, telephone, gas or otherwise for the purpose of discharge or outlet of sewerage, rain water from the said building or for supply of electric energy, power, water, gas or other facili
ties or amenities to the Purchasers, their successors or any other person entitled to use the said building
\par (9) The Purchasers, their successors and assigns shall and will bear and will pay along with the Vendors for the time being of the other buildings fo
rming part of the said bigger plot proportionately i.e. in proportion which the area of the said building bears to the said other buildings on the said bigger plot, as the case may be, the costs, charges and expenses of repair and maintenance of the said 
i
nternal road shown by colour burnt sienna on the plan hereto annexed as also of water pipes, drains, sewers, street lights to be laid, erected or put up on the said internal roads and all taxes payable to the Municipality, State Government or any other pu
b
lic body or authority for the land utilised for the said internal roads until the same shall if at all be taken over by the local authorities. The Purchasers shall at their own cost always have a right and liberty to lay and connect all along through and 
u
nderneath the said internal roads shown in colour burnt sienna the sewers, mains, drains, pipes or connections whether electric, water, telephone, gas or otherwise for the purpose and in connection with the discharge and outlet of sewerage, rain water fro
m the said building or for supply of electric energy, -power, water, gas or other facilities for amenities to the Purchasers, their successors and assigns.
\par (10) If the taxes and other outgoings in respect of the said building are not separately assessed, th
e Purchasers shall pay the same proportionately. The Vendors decision in fixing the said proportion shall be final. The Vendors and Purchasers shall not object to the construction of the electric sub-station on any part of the said bigger plot.
\par (11) The Ve
ndors shall not be entitled to recover from the Purchasers and expenses incurred for sanction of the building plans, the proportionate fees paid to the said architect and RCC Consultant or the fees paid or deposits made with any public body for sanction o
f the said building plans or for any charge of and incidental to the sanctioning of the said building plans as also the expenses incurred for the development work that the Vendors have carried out for the said Sector .. Plot.
\par (12) The Purchasers and the persons claiming through them including the occupants of the said building shall be entitled to the exclusive use of the said plot.
\par (13) The Purchasers shall in no manner whatsoever be liable to account to Vendors for any money 
refund or amount received, collected or recovered by them for the sale of dwelling units, flats, and tenements. All moneys received by the Purchasers in that account shall belong to the Purchasers and the Purchasers shall be entitled to appropriate the sa
me to themselves in any manner they like.
\par (14) The Purchasers will carry out the development work as set out in these presents by constructing the said building and will strictly follow and adhere to all the building rules, regulations and bye-laws.
\par (15) Th
e Purchasers shall sell and allot the tenements in the said Building on ownership basis with a view ultimately that the Purchasers of the tenements of the said building should subject to the Vendors permission form themselves into a Co-operative Society d
u
ly registered under the Co-operative Societies Act, 1960 or they should incorporate a Limited Company under Companies Act. At the request and direction of the Vendors, the Purchasers shall cause the formation of an organisation of the Purchasers of the te
n
ements of the said building alone along with Purchasers of the tenements of such other buildings in the said Sector .. plot as the Vendors may desire and upon formation of such organisation, Vendors shall grant absolute conveyance in respect of the land u
n
der the buildings of which the said organisation may have been formed, the land appurtenant thereto, the service land required for the same with proper access in favour of such organisation if it is legally possible (same being not sub-divided) if not, th
e Vendors shall grant the transferable and as signable lease for 99 years at the nominal yearly rent of Re. 1 in respect thereof to such organisation.
\par (16) Subject to the terms, stipulations and conditions contained herein and subject to the payments of the
 amounts set out in clause 5 herein, the Vendors hereby hand over possession of the said plot to the Purchasers with authority to construct the said building with the following rights:
\par (a) To put up and/or erect signboards upon the said Plot, also to issue
 advertisements including in newspapers as may be deemed fit by the Purchasers announcing construction of the said building by them and to sell the dwelling units, flats, tenements therein on ownership basis;
\par (b) To commence, carry on and complete in their own name in accordance with the law, the construction of the said building by themselves or through any building contractor, sub-contractor as per the said plan;
\par (c) To dispose of by the Purchasers in their own names on ownership basis the dwelling units,
 flats, tenements, premises to be contained in the said building to the persons of their choice, each tenement individually or the whole building on package deal basis;
\par (d) To enter into in their own names agreements for sale of dwelling units, flats, tenements of the said building on ownership basis at such price and on such terms and conditions as may be deemed fit by the Purchasers;
\par (e) To apply for and obtain in the name of the Vendors building completion certificate or building occupation certificate including part occupation from time to time in respect of the tenements flats premises of the said building;
\par and with all the rights to which the Purchasers may in law be entitled to on their being in possession of the said Plot.
\par (17) The agreement by the P
urchasers for the sale of flats or tenements on ownership basis in the building to be constructed as stated above shall be in the form hereto annexed and shall provide that the same is subject to the terms and stipulations contained in these presents.

\par (18)
 The Purchasers shall be solely responsible to discharge all the obligations created under the provisions of the Ownership Flats Act in respect of the flats, premises, etc. that will be sold by them on ownership basis. The Purchasers shall remain responsi
b
le and liable to construct the said dwelling units, flats, premises, etc. and do all the acts, deeds, matters and things as may be necessary under the agreements that may be entered into for sale of dwelling units, flats, etc. by the Purchasers with diffe
r
ent flat purchasers of the same and Vendors shall not remain liable or responsible for such matters. The Purchasers hereby agree to indemnify and keep the Vendors indemnified against all actions, claims, demands, costs, expenses, losses or damages that ma
y
 arise on account of the non-performance of such obligation or under the provisions of Ownership Flats Act or the Apartments Act or any other Act, rules or regulations that are in force or that may come into force in the future or arising out of violation
 or non- fulfilment thereof or against the loss or damage that may be caused to any third party or workmen during the course of the construction of the said building.
\par (19) The Purchasers shall indemnify and keep indemnified the Vendors and the Confirming Pa
rty against all losses, damages, claims, actions, prejudice or proceedings from all persons including the Government of .., the said Corporation, the purchasers or allottees of dwelling units, flats, tenements, premises, etc. or otherwise howsoever on acc
o
unt of any act or omission on the part of the Purchasers, their agents and servants, that Vendors and Confirming Party may sustain by reason of the Vendors giving possession to the Purchasers as provided herein and to construct the said building and the P
urchasers putting up construction thereon of the dwelling units and/or by virtue of contracts, etc. entered into with the Purchasers of the flats and/or arising out of implementation of this agreement.
\par (20) As and from the date hereof, the Purchasers shall 
bear and pay proportionate outgoings in respect of the said building, the land under the plinth thereof and land appurtenant thereto including the land revenue, N.A. tax, municipal taxes, betterment charges, if any, etc. and the taxes, if any enhanced by 
r
eason of the Purchasers constructing building on the said Plot. It shall be the responsibility of the Vendors to pay all aforesaid outgoings, expenses, levies, etc. previous to that day and the same if necessary be apportioned between the said parties her
eto.
\par (21) The Purchasers hereby accept the Vendors title to said bigger Plot and shall not make any requisition on the Vendor's title to the said building. The Vendors and/or the Confirming Party shall at their own cost remove (a) any dispute or requisition
 that may hereafter arise with regard to their title to the said Plot; (b) obstruction to the development of the said Plot by construction of the building thereon; and (c) any objection on title that may be taken by any bank/financial institution for gran
t of loan to the Purchasers of the tenements that may be contained in the said building.
\par (22) The Vendor shall deliver to the Purchasers notarial certified copies of all the documents of title in their possession and exclusively relating to the said Plot.
\par (
23) The Vendors hereby agree that from and after the date hereof they shall not create any tenancy, sub-tenancy, lease, licence or occupancy right or any other right, title or interest in respect of the said building or any part thereof or concur in doing
 so and shall not do any act, deed, matter or thing which may prejudice the rights of the Purchasers under this Agreement.
\par (24) The Purchasers and the persons claiming through them shall have right to use and enjoy along with the other parties entitled to t
he enjoyment thereof the play- grounds shown by green wash on the said plan and shall also have a right to approach the play-ground over and through the access shown by burnt sienna hatched lines on the said plans.
\par (25) The Purchasers shall not act or dire
ct Vendors to act in any manner whatsoever whereby the interest of the Vendors is in any manner jeopardised or adversely affected and will indemnify and keep indemnified the Vendors and all persons claiming through them against all actions, claims, demand
s, costs, expenses, losses or damages that may arise on account thereof or incidental thereto.
\par (26) The Purchasers are entitled to commence development of the said plot either personally or through any nominee or nominees or contractor or contractors. The d
evelopment work shall be carried out by the Purchasers at their own risk, costs, consequences and responsibilities.
\par (27) The Purchasers will construct the said building strictly as per the building rules, regulations and bye-laws as also as per layout cond
itions of IOD conditions and modifications or amendments that may from time to time be made to the same. The Purchasers shall ensure that no breach of municipal rules and regulations according to which the building plans are approved and also no breach of
 
any other requirements of law is committed by the Purchasers or their nominees or contractor or contractors. The Purchasers shall at their own cost remove or rectify such breach, if any, committed by them. The Purchasers shall indemnify and keep the Vendo
rs indemnified in that behalf.
\par (28) The sale in pursuance hereof shall be completed by execution of the conveyance or lease as hereby contemplated of the said Plot within 3 years from the date hereof in favour of the Purchasers or their nominee or nominees 
including a Co-operative Society.
\par (29) At least 4 weeks before the execution of the conveyance and/or other documents to transfer of the said building with the said land, the Confirming Party shall obtain and cause the Vendors to obtain the certificate und
er section 230A(1) of the Income -tax Act, 1961, if necessary for registration of said documents of transfer.
\par (30) The Vendors shall join the Purchasers to obtain permission, if any, required under section 27 of the Urban Land (Ceiling and Regulation) Act, 1976 for transfer of the said building with the adequate portion of the said Plot to the said }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid15739345\charrsid16398389 organization}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid2820932\charrsid16398389 .
\par (31)The Purchasers shall retain services of the said M/s. .., Architects & Consulting Engineers for the purpose of obtaining occupation or completi
on certificate in respect of the said building and to do all other work of and relating to the construction of the said building to be done by an Architect and shall pay his fees which shall, if any, become due hereafter for that purpose.
\par (32) The Purchasers shall engage and continue to engage the service of M/s. , Advocates and Solicitors for the purpose of preparation of the agreement for sale of the flats on ownership basis, formation of the }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\insrsid15739345\charrsid16398389 organization}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid2820932\charrsid16398389  of the flat purchasers and for transfer of the said building with adequate portion of the land in }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\insrsid15739345\charrsid16398389 favour}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid2820932\charrsid16398389  of such }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid15739345\charrsid16398389 organization}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\insrsid2820932\charrsid16398389  and for doing all other legal work in connection with the construction of the said building on ownership basis and shall pay their fees for the purpose.
\par (33) All out of packet expenses of and incidental to this agreement and of the conveyance or writing to be made in pursuance hereof including stamp duty and registration charges thereon shall be borne and paid by the Purchasers alone.
\par IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have hereunto set their respective hands and seals at ..................... on the day and year first hereinabove written.
\par The schedule hereinabove referred to
\par All that pieces or parcels of land or ground lying, being and situates at ..................
.............. admeasuring about .............. sq. mts. forming part of land bearing No. .............. contained in Sector No. . bearing Nos. .......................... and ............ within the limits of ............................................. 
and bounded as follows:
\par On or towards North by 
\par On or towards South by
\par On or towards East by 
\par On or towards West by
\par SIGNED, SEALED AND DELIVERED by
\par 
\par the within named Vendors M/s. XYZ Builders
\par THE COMMON SEAL OF the within 
\par named Confirming Party M/s. ABC Developers Pvt. Ltd. 
\par was hereunto affixed pursuant to its resolution dated 
\par ......... in the presence of two of the Directors, 
\par who have in token thereof subscribed in their respective 
\par signature hereunto.
\par  
\par SIGNED, SEALED AND DELIVERED by the within 
\par named Purchasers M/s. MNP Builders and Developers 
\par in the presence of:
\par WITNESSES;
\par 
\par 1.
\par  
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb6ac3301045f785fe83d0b6d8
72ba28a5d8cea249777d2cd20f18e4b12d6a8f843409c9df77ecb850ba082d74231062ce997b55ae8fe3a00e1893f354e9555e6885647de3a8abf4fbee29bbd7
2a3150038327acf409935ed7d757e5ee14302999a654e99e393c18936c8f23a4dc072479697d1c81e51a3b13c07e4087e6b628ee8cf5c4489cf1c4d075f92a0b
44d7a07a83c82f308ac7b0a0f0fbf90c2480980b58abc733615aa2d210c2e02cb04430076a7ee833dfb6ce62e3ed7e14693e8317d8cd0433bf5c60f53fea2fe7
065bd80facb647e9e25c7fc421fd2ddb526b2e9373fed4bb902e182e97b7b461e6bfad3f010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c00000
00360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4fc7060abb08
84a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b63095120f88d94fbc
52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462a1a82fe353
bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468
656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b4b0d592c9c
070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b4757e8d3f7
29e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210096b5ade296060000501b0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65
312e786d6cec594f6fdb3614bf0fd87720746f6327761a07758ad8b19b2d4d1bc46e871e698996d850a240d2497d1bdae38001c3ba618715d86d87615b8116d8
a5fb34d93a6c1dd0afb0475292c5585e9236d88aad3e2412f9e3fbff1e1fa9abd7eec70c1d1221294fda5efd72cd4324f1794093b0eddd1ef62fad79482a9c04
98f184b4bd2991deb58df7dfbb8ad755446282607d22d771db8b944ad79796a40fc3585ee62949606ecc458c15bc8a702910f808e8c66c69b9565b5d8a314d3c
94e018c8de1a8fa94fd05093f43672e23d06af89927ac06762a049136785c10607758d9053d965021d62d6f6804fc08f86e4bef210c352c144dbab999fb7b471
7509af678b985ab0b6b4ae6f7ed9ba6c4170b06c788a705430adf71bad2b5b057d03606a1ed7ebf5babd7a41cf00b0ef83a6569632cd467faddec9699640f671
9e76b7d6ac355c7c89feca9cccad4ea7d36c65b258a206641f1b73f8b5da6a6373d9c11b90c537e7f08dce66b7bbeae00dc8e257e7f0fd2badd5868b37a088d1
e4600ead1ddaef67d40bc898b3ed4af81ac0d76a197c86826828a24bb318f3442d8ab518dfe3a20f000d6458d104a9694ac6d88728eee2782428d60cf03ac1a5
193be4cbb921cd0b495fd054b5bd0f530c1931a3f7eaf9f7af9e3f45c70f9e1d3ff8e9f8e1c3e3073f5a42ceaa6d9c84e5552fbffdeccfc71fa33f9e7ef3f2d1
17d57859c6fffac327bffcfc793510d26726ce8b2f9ffcf6ecc98baf3efdfdbb4715f04d814765f890c644a29be408edf3181433567125272371be15c308d3f2
8acd249438c19a4b05fd9e8a1cf4cd296699771c393ac4b5e01d01e5a30a787d72cf1178108989a2159c77a2d801ee72ce3a5c545a6147f32a99793849c26ae6
6252c6ed637c58c5bb8b13c7bfbd490a75330f4b47f16e441c31f7184e140e494214d273fc80900aedee52ead87597fa824b3e56e82e451d4c2b4d32a423279a
668bb6690c7e9956e90cfe766cb37b077538abd27a8b1cba48c80acc2a841f12e698f13a9e281c57911ce298950d7e03aba84ac8c154f8655c4f2af074481847
bd804859b5e696007d4b4edfc150b12addbecba6b18b148a1e54d1bc81392f23b7f84137c2715a851dd0242a633f900710a218ed715505dfe56e86e877f0034e
16bafb0e258ebb4faf06b769e888340b103d3311da9750aa9d0a1cd3e4efca31a3508f6d0c5c5c398602f8e2ebc71591f5b616e24dd893aa3261fb44f95d843b
5974bb5c04f4edafb95b7892ec1108f3f98de75dc97d5772bdff7cc95d94cf672db4b3da0a6557f70db629362d72bcb0431e53c6066acac80d699a6409fb44d0
8741bdce9c0e4971624a2378cceaba830b05366b90e0ea23aaa241845368b0eb9e2612ca8c742851ca251ceccc70256d8d87265dd96361531f186c3d9058edf2
c00eafe8e1fc5c509031bb4d680e9f39a3154de0accc56ae644441edd76156d7429d995bdd88664a9dc3ad50197c38af1a0c16d684060441db02565e85f3b966
0d0713cc48a0ed6ef7dedc2dc60b17e92219e180643ed27acffba86e9c94c78ab90980d8a9f0913ee49d62b512b79626fb06dccee2a432bbc60276b9f7dec44b
7904cfbca4f3f6443ab2a49c9c2c41476dafd55c6e7ac8c769db1bc399161ee314bc2e75cf8759081743be1236ec4f4d6693e5336fb672c5dc24a8c33585b5fb
9cc24e1d4885545b58463634cc5416022cd19cacfccb4d30eb45296023fd35a458598360f8d7a4003bbaae25e331f155d9d9a5116d3bfb9a95523e51440ca2e0
088dd844ec6370bf0e55d027a012ae264c45d02f708fa6ad6da6dce29c255df9f6cae0ec38666984b372ab5334cf640b37795cc860de4ae2816e95b21be5ceaf
8a49f90b52a51cc6ff3355f47e0237052b81f6800fd7b802239daf6d8f0b1571a8426944fdbe80c6c1d40e8816b88b8569082ab84c36ff0539d4ff6dce591a26
ade1c0a7f669880485fd484582903d284b26fa4e2156cff62e4b9265844c4495c495a9157b440e091bea1ab8aaf7760f4510eaa69a6465c0e04ec69ffb9e65d0
28d44d4e39df9c1a52ecbd3607fee9cec7263328e5d661d3d0e4f62f44acd855ed7ab33cdf7bcb8ae889599bd5c8b3029895b6825696f6af29c239b75a5bb1e6
345e6ee6c28117e73586c1a2214ae1be07e93fb0ff51e133fb65426fa843be0fb515c187064d0cc206a2fa926d3c902e907670048d931db4c1a44959d366ad93
b65abe595f70a75bf03d616c2dd959fc7d4e6317cd99cbcec9c58b34766661c7d6766ca1a9c1b327531486c6f941c638c67cd22a7f75e2a37be0e82db8df9f30
254d30c1372581a1f51c983c80e4b71ccdd28dbf000000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f74
68656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f24
51eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198
720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528
a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000
000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b000000000000000000000000
002b0100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000140200007468
656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210096b5ade296060000501b000016000000000000000000
00000000d10200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000000000
00000000000000009b0900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000960a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax267\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef1\lsdunhideuseddef1\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority59 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e352e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffffec69d9888b8b3d4c859eaf6cd158be0f000000000000000000000000b0bb
6a7c8c24d701feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}